For the first hour, I implemented the basic structure of the site with bootstrap.
I knew I wanted to have navigation be a column to the left of the site and have the site be
centered from that column in the page, since the navbar seems a bit too corporate and
unwieldly considering the size of the site. Looking through bootstraps nav items I chose
tabs to offer a simple way of delineating the different sections, and struggled with centering
the content in the page until stackoverflow clued me in on setting the body to be the whole
page so I can then center the container within the body.
The next hour involved getting a picture of myself posistioned in a way that I wanted. Placing it
anywhere on the page messed with the perfect centering of the different content tabs, so my initial
ideas of placing it as a navbar, or of the the left of the nav column didn't result in the same 
clean design I was going for. I was left with two options: placing it in the home or bio sections
or above the nav tabs. I choose to not place it in the nav content since it is a critical component
of the site since it shows who the site is about. Next was placing it cleanly above the nav tabs, 
which proved very challenging. My initial hope was to have it float in the top 25% of the column
so there would be clear delineation between the content and the navigation, but my method of centering
the nav made that impossible since it would always center with the nav vertically. I tried to move it
to different containers and rows, but it never achieved the spacing I wanted. So I was forced to
place it right above the nav, but I created some spacing with a caption so it is a bit cleaner. I then
centered everything for that column since the picture did not look well-aligned when it floated left,
and floating it center against the left justified text made the text look off. Overall the aim of
a clean aesthetic seems to be working well, but I might want to put something in the background. I also
need to change the color scheme and maybe the font as well, since the bootstrap default is a little too
Facebook Messenger for me.
I next added some content to Home and Bio, using a Jumbotron for home to make the landing tab a little
less sparse and empty looking. The different fonts help break everything up and the background box
makes it pop a bit more. The plain paragraph in the bio is less inviting, but I'm not sure how to improve it.
Once I had a bit of content I got to work trying to deploy what I had so far. I initially wanted to utilize
the Google Cloud since we had received credits towards that, but given the amount of time and my lack of 
prior knowledge regarding Google Cloud I elected to host it using GitHub Pages. This was pretty simple and
required only renaming my html file and creating the new repository with the naming structure github requires
for its pages.
Adding my projects was a bit of a wild goose chase. I had an idea to use some embedded content to show a brief
description and stats about the repositories, and found a way to do so with something called GitHub Cards.
Unfortunately, it appears that the service for it has stopped being kept up, and while I did explore using 
the GitHub API and doing something similar myself, I determined with my time constraints I couldn't get 
something up in time. So I used the "poor man's" version with bootstrap cards and some links.
